what's up guys obviously is Captain
Obvious I got a battlefield 3 gameplay
commentary for you guys today I'm
playing some TDM on caspian border using
the KH 2002 and now our quick
announcement to let you guys know about
before against today's commentary and
that is about my battlelog I finally got
my battle log up and running um I had a
problem with it before trying to Lake my
persona to my current origin EA account
whatever you want to say under the name
captain obvious but the problem is I
already linked my xbox profound into a
different account so I've been trying
all along to get it to this new account
but it just hasn't worked so I finally
figured out what the old email is and i
got the password and stuff like that and
i finally got my battlelog up and
running i'll provide a link to it in the
description if you guys want to go check
that out and send me a friend request on
there maybe i'll eventually make a
platoon for you know my channel but you
guys will check out my stats things like
that please go ahead friend me on there
because the good way for me to stay in
touch with some of you guys be a battle
log so doop do that and i'm really happy
i got up and running because i've been
using bf3 stats for a while but
battlelog is just a whole lot more
convenient in today's video I'll be
talking a little bit about the battle 3
pricing model for their DLC and
everything we go regarding that now just
one quick note D battlefield 3 premium
service has been confirmed and they're
saying it's gonna come out before close
quarters and I really hope it does
because I'm gonna be buying net so you
get all the dlc for free and then extra
you know camos things like that when
they actually eventually come out but
closed course is coming out in the first
or second week of june I'm not quite
certain which week because ps3 comes out
a week early and I'm on xbox so I won't
be getting at that time so the pricing
model that they have for their expansion
packs is fifteen dollars and for some
reason this has gone come under a lot of
controversy from players from just
everybody in the community because they
don't like the price of $15 and really
what I don't understand is why they
don't like that price now I
can see why because $15 is a lot of
money for some people who let's say our
13 years old and blue don't have jobs or
they aren't exactly the most wealthy
people so that's probably one of the
reasons that they don't like the fifteen
dollars and if I'm insulting anybody
about their you know economic situations
I apologize I'm really not trying to be
a dick about it but the problem is about
the fifteen dollars is that that money
is extremely extremely okay there's
nothing wrong with charging fifteen
dollars for a DLC pack and a large DLC
pack at that you get four maps 10
weapons new game modes assignments all
that stuff for fifteen dollars let's
compare that versus the full game of
battlefield 3 when battle 3 was released
there were nine maps released with it
and when you take a look at an expansion
pack with four maps each you will double
your amount of maps after buying three
expansion packs now mathematically that
is two and one quarter expansion packs
to buy to double your amount of maps in
battlefield 3 that is $45 now along with
those you also get 30 new weapons in
total you'll get 12 maps you'll get 30
new assignments possibly new camos dog
tags things like that for $45 now the
actual battlefield 3 game costs sixty
dollars so you get more maps for $45 you
get nearly the amount of weapons i think
BALCO three as of right now in vanilla
has 50 weapons in it could be more I'm
not quite certain but as of right now
you have your 50 weapons you get 30 more
you get 12 new maps you get 30 new
assignments 30 new weapons and with that
all four $45 you nearly double your
experience in battlefield 3 for less
money but it costs to buy the game again
so I don't understand why people are
complaining about the fifteen dollars
because honestly it is the most
reasonable price that they can make it
the amount of research development and
time put into making these expansion
packs is astron
chemical these guys are working their
butts off to both a patch the game at
the same time and be make these new
expansion packs so I don't know well the
fuss is about over paying money to keep
your game rolling keep the support going
and get new things coming out for it
every three months fifteen dollars every
three months for most people should not
be that much of a problem it annoys me
that people are that short-sighted and
that stubborn to realize that there are
people out there looking out for them
there's people looking out for you as a
player as a fan of the game trying to
make your experience better and the
least you can do is give them a little
bit of money fifteen dollars to buy
their stuff now people who are
complaining about fifteen dollars yes of
course they're gonna buy the dlc but the
fact that they're trying to you know
make their opinions get opinions across
like that is ridiculous now remember
there's a whole way to get rid of all
this controversy over buying this DLC
and that is buying battlefield 3 premium
it is probably gonna be about 45 maybe
50 dollars they have announced that
there's going to be four new expansion
packs coming out armored kill close
quarters and game in the fifth one
coming out in 2013 so that's sixty
dollars right now if you spend your
fifty dollars from valve in premium
you'll get all those for free you'll get
all those extra things that they're
going to release between the expansion
packs and you'll probably get a little
extra things here and there for saying
them saying thank you for buying their
premium service premium services for
games are a great great idea I
personally love them because it keeps
the fans with the game unless it's
called duty because i bought called the
elite and i haven't played already sense
but keeping the community with the game
via a battlefield premium service is a
really really good idea because a you
keep your fans be you get a consistent
amount of money with that fifty dollars
and see you feel obligated to
continually pump out more content and
that way you make the fans happier and
don't forget EA is constantly paying
money to keep these servers
up so yeah they got to pay for those
servers and the people who work for dice
have to receive compensation throughout
the year of working when they don't
release a game so this is how you keep
paying those guys for all their services
so you it's a way of thanking them
pretty much so yes I'm for DLC pricing
model of $15 and yes I own for
battlefield premium and personally I'm
really happy about that service it's
going to be really cool never to give
this video a thumbs up it helps out a
lot there are twitter and facebook links
down in the description and as always
rate comment and subscribe and I'll see
you guys later and now just in case you
guys missed it here is yesterday's video
it was a talk about project ptfo and how
excited i am to get started twitter
facebook and if you guys to get to make
sure you subscribe I'll talk to guys
later bye